all right so we're here at a Deathwish
that bush compound I'm going to work on
some graphics or some skate we've got a
little rail in there and so so let's go
say what's up dudes first see got some
shoes and spread the love up here
yeah he's Jimmy our accountant kind of
runs the whole operation up here make
sure we don't run out of money yes
Eichmann hell yeah
yeah this is Jay Roy he runs the
warehouse makes everything right there
for jiggin I bet she wears ten laps too
so now we're going to the art
departments right next door yeah all
right so this we just built these all
where else cut out these little office
space my wife's fucking broken-down car
trying to fix that yeah what up dudes
got you guys some shoes whoa yeah how
you doing this Milner he's our art
director Shan ji Oh over here with
Sheikh Chuck how you doing yeah it looks
like they're working on some grip tape
shake some curtsy or didn't happen
I'll try try it up fuck with it what are
these four shoes hey go boom let's
spread the love oh yeah this is again
down there not you just get damn it
doubly Vega no you didn't surprise so
fresh and so clean clean actually now I
live because in that letter you gave
hunger just once again it's out oh I
noticed you got the super fat phone down
and it was just more pushing for yo head
slashes by pushing hey cooling on these
Vijaya
oh yeah and slash debut pro model Ford
so we got a poster and shit with Silvano
graphics so we just finished for the
trade shows and stuff yeah this is kind
of like where we with you follow kind of
where we do everything for what comes
out right now it's all done in here for
the Marla Bruton it yeah it's pretty
much greater handle it yeah this thing's
such a nightmare we bought this thing
and then it just broke down a couple
months later piece of garbage
alright so um yeah we got kicked out of
the last spot so figure we had some work
to do up here and we got some stuff to
skate so
yeah so towards the end of the day right
now
it's been a pretty long day I guess what
I drove about 200 miles or something and
yeah it's getting to the end of the day
for me but I just want I'd like to walk
through it's a warehouse this is kind of
a solo all our new board got new death
with Skellington like gang name
splatters gym marching hammers yeah it's
pretty rad to see you know like we
started about nine or ten nine or ten
months ago and now full warehouse
stocked with boards antwuan vision King
although basically all the problems oh
sure I'll show you guys slashes Network
hi Beast
Crash's Brian Sasha Hansen whispers yeah
so we're coming along here
luckily here's some more orders going up
getting orders out in a recession a
little shout-out to the Shah under 470
Oh got skate time water sports clean
yeah
just saw boarders in Glendale yeah we
just did signing for them actually
recently yeah well so we gotta go
Pharmacy Lancaster one up pharmacy heads
thanks for ordering that much stuff boys
it says when you're going understand
visit sir we're working on the shaker
and gripple recognize high odds we go
back to that to the other one whole shit
at 5:23 that I think all right I gotta
get out of here I go pick up Jules I
think that day all right yeah oh yes
give me a letter back in all right so
that's that kind of wraps up my day I'm
going to pick up my son right now go
home chill with the family so yeah
thanks for watching and joining me in a
day in the life of myself yeah take it
easy you guys are
see what